howdy this is buckskin John's with
something for both calm this here is my
new design knife it's a three in one
made out of railroad spike it's been
really well heat treated and tempered
and we'll give you a demonstration on
how good it is right now how the
three-in-one is you got your regular
knife blade that saw blade on the bat
and you got a hammer on the end I kind
of decided to make this into a hammer so
you can take a camping you can saw you
can cut in whatever we need to do you
can hammer in your steaks now I'm gonna
give you a demonstration right now knife
give chop the wood it's good in hand we
chop the wood it'll saw the wood
you can see there i'll take two by four
now you're on the ends and it's not real
hard to handle it's okay in hand there's
a good job you can see right here I get
it does good knife edge now the
Hammerhead I crossed I crossed figured
so that you wouldn't slip like you got
two ways to handle you got here by
holding the knife like this or like this
if you hold it with the bat like this so
you can swing it pretty good without
cutting yourself or you can hold it like
this with the with the finger groove
that you got there and you can hammer on
this end you just hammer straight down
demonstrate that you're 16 pain nail and
it's go home just like this goes right
in no problem and then if I hold it like
this
I'm reading also i prefer this way
because you got a little bit more help
to it and going to get a good swing out
of it if you feel uncomfortable by
having to nicely against your hand strap
read the pen scrap rag or t-shirt or
something around it and we got good
swing there that's pretty happy on the
bat probably equal to about six or eight
ounce I'll give it up to hammer any
stinks that you might need this I call
this my rhino night Wow three-in-one got
on the internet now it's a new design
and it's really going to do you good now
one of the other knives that I have is
my camp knife I know you've seen it
already it's real good in the hand and
I'm going to demonstrate this let's get
a good sharp edge I've been tempered as
been heat-treated and tempered and it
will have this has a little bit more
heft to it so you're really going to
chop some good wood chips are gonna fly
with this one good and solid and yo its
be announced ago so cut the hair on your
arm you look here yeah I'm saving myself
right now and it's same with the right
all night vinyl knife will shave your
hair here now shape you here right off
your there you go it's gonna take a
while to grow back on Oh once again
buckskin John with something for both
thanks for watching
you